docs: update access control (#18189)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/platform/access-control.mdx

- Administrator
- Developer

<Admonition type="note">

> Additional roles (Read-only and Billing) are available on the [team and enterprise plans](https://supabase.com/pricing)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additional roles (Read-only and Billing) are available on the [team and enterprise plans](https://supabase.com/pricing).
```

</Admonition>

> A default organization is created when you first sign in and you'll be assigned the **Owner** role. A member can access all projects within the organization. Project level access control is not available at this time. Create a separate organization if you need to restrict access to certain projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A default organization is created when you first sign in, at which point you'll be assigned the **Owner** role. Keep in mind that members can access all projects within the organization and that project level access control is not available at this time. Create a separate organization if you need to restrict access to certain projects.
```
